
Thank you to everyone who filled out the survey! We recived 327
responses and nearly 12,500 words of comments (almost 60% chose to
leave a comment). Of respondents, 30% were female, 66% male and 3%
chose not to answer. Cyclist types varied from 53% Confident, 36%
Fearless, 10% Interested and 1% Reluctant. These definitions &mdash;
although a little confusing &mdash; were quoted directly from the
Cycling Strategy. Most respondents (70%) were between 25 and 45.

The majority of cyclists selected only a few routes: the median number
of roads selected being was between 2 and 4. South of the CPR line,
the median number of east-west routes selected was 2 while north-south
was 4. North of the CPR line, respondants chose a median of 3
east-west and 4 north-south routes.

These very specific route-choices existed even though the survey was
somewhat vague by necessity: when designing the survey, the only
information we had from the City was that "several" routes would be
developed each of the next three years in Centre City. The budget,
type of infrastructure or scope of potential changes were not known to
us &mdash; this drastically limited our chance to ask very specific
questions.

Nearly 60% of riders "Always" ride when it's nice out and a further
25% "Usually" do. Only 2% of respondents "Never" or "Rarely" ride when
it's nice out. In the winter is a slightly different story, with 33%
"Always" or "Usually" riding while 38% "Rarely" or "Never" ride in the
winter.

Some notes on the charts: the map is an amalgamation of all four of
the "roads" questions, with line-thickness representing the normalized
number of selections for that question. That is, the line-thickness is
thinnest for the least responses and thickest for the most responses.

The stacked, horizontal histograms versions of the same data has a
consistent horizontal scale and shows the absolute number of
respondents who selected that option.

We welcome further feedback and analysis of the data collected. A
sanitized version of the data (without email addresses, and randomized
order) along with all code used to produce the charts is available <a
href="http://github.com/meejah/bikecalgary">at GitHub</a>. Feedback
can be directed to <a href="infrastructure@bikecalgary.org">infrastructure</a>.

Map data copyright <a
href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/">CC-BY-SA 2.0</a>
from <a href="http://www.openstreetmap.org">OpenStreetMap</a>
contributors.
